The design of this project was made to be fairly modular. What I mean by this is that it would be possible to easily add different webpages, similar to "modules" and test each page separately. The backend, which will be explained later, is easy to interact with and has been made to be more robust.

Firstly, a majority of the project and its details were described in the README.md document. The front end consists of HTML, Javascript, CSS, and Flask. The implementation of the project was piece-wise. What i mean by this is that I worked on each HTML page from beginning until end before starting a new one, so having a clear plan was important. I outlined the general structure of project in a document, listing important elements on the webpage to be included and what columns/data the table should be made of. The table outlined four tables: roommates, transactions, storage, and users. The main table that others connect to is the users table which includes user id, username, password, etc. The other tables all reference the user id to record data related to each user. The roommates table consists of the user id and the names of the roommates for a floor. The transactions table is a record of each action the user takes, inputting and removing items into and from the fridge. The storage table is the current state of the fridge, similar to the transactions table but with a few differences. Ultimately, the storage table's main purpose is to represent the current state while the transactions table is just a record list.

The reason for having a transactions table and storage table was for easy back-end interactions with potential for future adjustments. I opted to choose to do this rather than summing up the quantities in the transactions table, too, since similar items could have different expiration dates. Thus, keeping them separate seemed like a straight-forward solution that would not have a significant cost, though it may be troublesome upscaling.

The different HTML pages were built to be relatively straightforward to use. A majority of the style of the HTML was created through CSS. I wanted to have a more sleek/futuristic design, so a slim sans-serif font was my first choice. Additionally, I chose a color scheme that would be easy to use for a streamlined experience, adding HTML transition effects as well. The HTML structuring was done using bootstrap, and the other functioning aspects related to back end and fullstack were done using SQLite3 and Flask. Other functionality was implemented with JavaScript for design purposes.

In the HTML webpages, a roommate is needed to be selected for edits to be made. Additionally, other requirements are needed for certain functions to work (for example, filling out information and adding info). This is chekced for in both HTML elements (required) and in the python app. Other aspects of the design are relatively straightforward. Other design decisions were made based on user accessibility and what would be more intuitive for the user. The spacing system was done based off an approximation of how many cans could find in a fridge (I did not put a ton of cans in a fridge, I just estimated with a few cans, more of an answer to a Fermi question). This system was meant to scale according to powers of 2 such as 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, and 32. This design was chosen so that people could select what size they thought an item was without having to actually measure or estimate how many cans an item could be represented as. Some other design choices were more explicitly explained in the README.md file, though most of the primary points have already been explained.
